# Project_2_Data_Wrangling
Bike sharing systems are new generation of traditional bike rentals where whole process from membership, rental and return back has become automatic. Through these systems, user is able to easily rent a bike from a particular position and return back at another positicn. Currently, there are about over 500 bike- sharing programs around the world which is composed of over 500 thousands bicycles. Today, there exists great interest in these systems due to their important role in traffic, environmental and health issues.

Apart from interesting real world applications of bike sharing systems, the characteristics of data being generated by these systems make them attractive for the research. Opposed to other transport services such as bus or subway, the duration of travel, departure and arrval position is explicitly recorded in these systems. This feature turns bike sharing system into a virtual sensor network that can be used for sensing mobility in the city. Hence, it is expected that most of important events in the city could be detected via monitoring these data.

Attribute information:
Date = date of the ride
Season - 1 = spring, 2 = summer, 3 = fall, 4 = winter
Holiday - whether the day is considered a holiday
Working day - whether the day is neither a weekend nor a holiday
Season - 1 = spring, 2 = summer, 3 = fall, 4 = winter
Weather:-

Clear, Few clouds, Partly cloudy, Partly cloudy
Mist + Cloudy, Mist + Broken clouds, Mist + Few clouds, Mist
Light Snow, Light Rain + Thunderstorm + Scattered clouds, Light Rain +Scattered clouds
Heavy Rain + Ice Pallets + Thunderstorm + Mist, Snow + Fog
temp - "feels like" temperature in Celsius
humidity - relative humidity
windspeed - wind speed
casual - number of non-registered user rentals initiated
registered - number of registered user rentals initiated
count - number of total rentals\
Different methods for data wrangling to be used with the help of a business use case:

Operations Performed:
Merged datasets, Identify unique values, Dropped unnecessary columns, Checked the dimensions of the dataset, Checked the datatype of the dataset, Checked datatype summary, Treated missing values, Validated the correctness of the data at the primary level if applicable
